README.md, before:

# This is my first repo
Here, I will start to develop my text-based rpg which does not have a name at this given point of time.  

## What is it all about?
Since childhood, i have a fascination for rpg-games, so naturally, I started to learn how to code and with  
this Repository, my first own rpg is making its way to... maybe someone who will eventually play it.  

### here are the things that you can do right now:
- you can create your character by choosing a name and a class
- you can fight truly terrifying monsters to earn xp and gold (which do not have a use by now)
- There is the first attempt of an inventory

### Here are some things that I want to implement:
- [ ] A lot of new events like dungeons, villages and npc encounters
- [ ] consumable items like healing potions
- [ ] reworking the inventory a little bit
- [ ] autosaving feature
- [x] rewriting the game in english and making it the standard edition
- [ ] reworking of __main__
- [ ] implementing player.class as player.species and introducing player.class as in like warrior, mage or assassin

Commit message:

implementation of autosaving feature with the use of a new save-file for settings. Later on, there will be more in this file, but for now, it is just for the autosaving feature. Furthermore, the enemies are dealing less damage now, and when the player is leveling up, he will get +5 hp and his health will be restored.

README.md, after:

# This is my first repo
Here, I will start to develop my text-based rpg which does not have a name at this given point of time.  

## What is it all about?
Since childhood, i have a fascination for rpg-games, so naturally, I started to learn how to code and with  
this Repository, my first own rpg is making its way to... maybe someone who will eventually play it.  

### here are the things that you can do right now:
- you can create your character by choosing a name and a class
- you can fight truly terrifying monsters to earn xp and gold (which do not have a use by now)
- There is the first attempt of an inventory

### Here are some things that I want to implement:
- [ ] A lot of new events like dungeons, villages and npc encounters
- [ ] consumable items like healing potions
- [ ] reworking the inventory a little bit
- [x] autosaving feature
- [x] rewriting the game in english and making it the standard edition
- [ ] reworking of __main__
- [ ] implementing player.class as player.species and introducing player.class as  
      in likewarrior, mage or assassin
- [ ] structured save-file, away from single-line code
